hopefully when you pray you sacrifice
yourself right because what that's it
partly what you're saying is I think if
the prayer is proper is you're saying
there's part of me that needs to go
there's part of me that needs I need to
let go there's part of me that needs to
die and it has to be given up to
something higher what part of it is of
me has to go and that's there's a
contemplative aspect to that and you
look to the highest to help guide you in
that there's a discriminating Spirit
within you that can help separate the
chaff from the wheat and the offering up
of the chaff is the sacrificial gesture
and so that can be transformed into
prayer one of the things that Jung would
say about that for example is that if
you if you give up enough
psychologically you don't have to you'll
cut your losses in actuality and of
course that's sort of what thoughts for
is right so that you can you can get
yourself straight you can give it up in
abstraction so you don't act out the
pathology and then nothing dies in
actuality